So I'm going to go ahead and delete this one.
And let's not worry.
Well, actually, yeah, let's let's find our next track.
So I'm going to copy this one and let's go ahead and lock that off so we don't paste on top of our sound
design drone footage.
And I'm going to bring this down.
And what I want to do is I'm going to try and link up.
I know these are going to be different tempo, different beats per minute.
The BPM is going to be different.
But you know what?
We're not deejaying here or video editing.
It's similar, but different.
So I'm going to try and match up these two drops.
So I want this drop to match up with our new track.
So let's go ahead and solo our track so we can find that's exactly where we want to start it.
OK, which is pretty much already right there.
So.
Now it's going to take a listen if he fail in this track and see what it sounds like.
It's
not bad for a first playback.
I mean, we didn't even really like skewed anything around, just kind of dropped it in.
I'm not to a mad at that, especially if we add a sweep for the sound design.
Kind of having a show is going to help that audio transition even more.
But I want to hear that back again and hear how it sounded.
OK.
Not bad.
So we did a little bit of a risk.
We're going to choose to do two tracks instead of one to spice things up a little bit.
And in the next video lesson, we're going to really chop up our drone footage to be a cool mini montage
that just fills this area where we added this really cool high pass filter to our first audio track.